<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE book PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN"
"dtd/kdex.dtd" [
  <!ENTITY superkaramba "<application>SuperKaramba</application>">
  <!ENTITY kappname "&superkaramba;">
  <!ENTITY packagename "kdeutils">
  <!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
  <!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" > <!-- change language only here -->   
]>
<book lang="&language;">

<bookinfo>
<title>The &superkaramba; Handbook</title>
<authorgroup>
<author>
<personname><firstname>Hans</firstname>
<surname>Karlsson</surname></personname>
<email>karlsson.h@home.se</email>
</author>
<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
</authorgroup>

<copyright>
<year>2005</year>
<holder>Hans Karlsson</holder>
</copyright>

<date>2005-08-04</date>
<releaseinfo>0.3.5</releaseinfo>
<legalnotice>&FDLNotice;</legalnotice>

<abstract>
<para>&superkaramba; is a tool that allows you to easily create interactive
widgets on your &kde; desktop.</para>
</abstract>
<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>desktop</keyword>
<keyword>karamba</keyword>
</keywordset>
</bookinfo>

<!-- FIXME: Needs writing, but can't have empty elements in translateable -->
<!-- documents.  Uncomment only when there is content -->
<!--
<chapter id="introduction">
<title>Quickstart</title>

<para> </para>

</chapter>


<chapter id="using-karamba">
<title>Using &superkaramba;</title>
<para>How to use &superkaramba;</para>
</chapter>

-->

<chapter id="questionsanswersandtips">
<title>Questions, Answers, and Tips</title>

<qandaset id="faq">
<title>Frequently asked questions</title>
<qandadiv>
<title>Installation</title>
<qandaentry>
<question>
<para>Where can I find &superkaramba; <acronym>RPM</acronym>'s?</para>
</question>
<answer>
<!-- FIXME: Now part of KDE, this should point users at their distribution -->
<!-- for the next release -->
<para>The SuperKaramba web site (http://netdragon.sourceforge.net) has a list of user-submitted RPMs for several distributions. Other user-subm
itted RPMs have been posted to kde-look.org and to the SuperKaramba Help
forum.</para>
</answer>
</qandaentry>
<qandaentry>
<question><para>When I try to compile, I get this error:</para>
<screen><computeroutput>Python.h: No such file or directory</computeroutput></screen>
</question>
<answer><para>You will need to install the <literal>python-devel</literal>
package.  Once that package is installed you should run
<command>./configure</command> and <command>make</command> again.</para>
</answer>
</qandaentry>
<qandaentry>
<question><para>When I try to compile, I get this error:</para>
<screen><computeroutput>cannot find -lselinux</computeroutput></screen>
</question>
<answer>
<para>You will need to install the <literal>libselinux-devel</literal>
package. Once that package is installed you should run
<command>./configure</command> and <command>make</command> again.</para>
</answer>
</qandaentry>
<qandaentry>
<question>
<para>After running <command>./configure</command>, <command>make</command>
and <command>make install</command>, the &superkaramba; executable is not
where I expected it to be. When I try to run <command>superkaramba</command>
from the command line it says <computeroutput>command not
found</computeroutput>.</para>
</question>
<answer>
<para>In some distributions ./configure has a default prefix path that
differs to what you might expect. For example, in Mandrake the default
prefix is <filename class="directory">/usr/local/kde</filename> and the
executable is installed in <filename
class="directory">/usr/local/kde/bin</filename>.</para>
<para>There are a few things you can do to fix this.</para>
<para>You could run <command>./configure
<parameter>--prefix=/usr</parameter></command> to specify the prefix that
you prefer and then try <command>make</command> and <command>make
install</command> again. Or you could create a symbolic link in your
preferred directory that links to the executable. Or you could add the
install directory to your $<envar>PATH</envar>.</para>
</answer>
</qandaentry>
</qandadiv>

<qandadiv>
<title>General</title>
<qandaentry>
<question>
<para>How do I get rid of the &kde; panel? Do I have to keep &kicker;
running?</para>
</question>
<answer><para>Many themes depend on &kicker; and will not work well without
it. If you don't want &kicker; to show on your desktop, you can set it to
auto-hide. Another solution is to change the auto-hide setting in a
<filename>~/.kde</filename> file. For more information see the wiki page about
<ulink
url="http://wiki.kdenews.org/tiki-print.php?page=Secret+Config+Settings">secret
configuration settings</ulink>.</para>
</answer>
</qandaentry>
<qandaentry>
<question>
<para>Can I run a system tray theme while the &kicker; system tray is
running?</para>
</question>
<answer><para>It's better not to. If you run a theme with a SysTray on it
while a regular kicker systray is running, the theme will
<quote>steal</quote> all the icons from the first systray.  This is because
in &kde; and Gnome, the systray icons are really little windows and there is
only one copy of each running. If you want to run a system tray theme, you can
remove the system tray from &kicker;.</para> 
</answer>
</qandaentry>
<qandaentry>
<question>
<para>How do I set up my themes to run automatically on startup?</para>
</question>
<answer>
<para>Turn on &kde; session support in the &kcontrolcenter;. When session
support is enabled, any theme that is left running when you logout will
automatically start on startup. For some themes you will also need to &RMB;
click and reload the theme at least once after running it so that the config
file will get written to your home directory.</para>
<para>Another solution is to create a desktop config file in the &kde;
autostart directory.</para> 
<para>To create a desktop config file, open an editor and enter the
following:</para>
<screen><userinput>[Desktop Entry]
Exec=superkaramba {location of theme file}.theme
Name={theme name}
Type=Application
X-KDE-StartupNotify=false</userinput></screen>
<para>Then save it as
<filename><replaceable>themename</replaceable>.desktop</filename> into the
autostart directory at <filename
class="directory">$<envar>KDEHOME</envar>/Autostart/</filename>.</para>
</answer>
</qandaentry>
<qandaentry>
<question><para>Why is the <guimenuitem>Edit Script</guimenuitem> option
disabled when I &RMB; click on a theme?</para></question>
<answer><para>Some &superkaramba; themes don't include a
<application>Python</application> script. This is normal and those themes
will still work fine without one. However, if the theme does use a
<application>Python</application> script, &superkaramba; may have not been
able to load the script. This is usually due to
<application>Python</application> errors. Run the theme from the command line
to find out the specific error message.</para>
</answer>
</qandaentry>
<qandaentry>
<question>
<para>Why is the <guimenuitem>Configure Theme</guimenuitem> menu disabled
when I &RMB; click on a theme?</para>
</question>
<answer>
<para>The <guimenuitem>Configure Theme</guimenuitem> menu is only enabled if
the theme has added options to it. Some themes do not have any configuration
options or use a different configuration method.</para>
</answer>
</qandaentry>
</qandadiv>

<qandadiv>
<title>Troubleshooting</title>
<qandaentry>
<question>
<para>My themes start up in different locations each time I start
&kde;.</para>
</question>
<answer>
<para>Close all &superkaramba; themes and then delete any session files in
<filename
class="directory">$<envar>KDEHOME</envar>/share/config/session/</filename>
that begin with &superkaramba;. Restart &kde; and start your themes again. Now
they will stay in the right place.</para> 
</answer>
</qandaentry>
<qandaentry>
<question>
<para>The backgrounds of my themes are black instead of transparent.</para>
</question>
<answer><para>In &kde;, transparency only works when the desktop background
is a wallpaper image that is centered or scaled. If the background is a
plain color or a tiled image then &superkaramba; themes will not be
transparent. In Gnome, there is a known issue that themes will have a black
background even when a wallpaper is set.  Unfortunately there is no current
solution. Your theme should work fine otherwise.</para>
</answer>
</qandaentry>
</qandadiv>
</qandaset>

</chapter>

<chapter>
<title>Credits and Licenses</title>

<para>&superkaramba; is written by
<personname><firstname>Adam</firstname><surname>Geitgey</surname></personname>
<email>adam@rootnode.org</email> and
<personname><firstname>Hans</firstname><surname>Karlsson</surname></personname> <email>karlsson.h@home.se</email></para>

<!-- FIXME: Add other contributors here, probably in an itemized list, look -->
<!-- at say, konqueror-credits for an example -->

<!-- TRANS:CREDIT_FOR_TRANSLATORS -->

&underFDL;
&underGPL;

</chapter>

</book>
<!--
Local Variables:
mode: sgml
sgml-omittag: nil
sgml-shorttag: t
sgml-general-insert-case: lower
End:
-->
